Kafka authorization using SimpleACLAuthorizer (#56)
rh-messaging/amq-streams-docs: books/assembly-kafka-zookeeper-authorization.adoc

= Zookeeper authorization

> When authentication is enabled between Kafka and Zookeeper, you can use Access Control List (ACL) rules to automatically control access to Kafka records.

Reviewer: This is confusingly worded. "Kafka records" makes it sound like this authz is about protected messages in Kafka, but it's not. It's about protecting Kafka metadata that's stored in ZK using ZK acls.
```suggestion
When authentication is enabled between Kafka and Zookeeper, you can use Zookeeper Access Control List (ACL) rules to automatically control access to Kafka's metadata stored in Zookeeper.
```
